marketing_crm_partner/README.rst, before:

===========================
Tracking Fields in Partners
===========================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fcrm-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/crm/tree/14.0/marketing_crm_partner
    :alt: OCA/crm
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/crm-14-0/crm-14-0-marketing_crm_partner
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/111/14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module extends the functionality of the CRM to support having the tracking
fields available in the partner and copy them there automatically when the
partner is created from a lead/opportunity.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to **CRM > Leads > Create**.
#. Fill the required fields.
#. Go to **Extra Info > Marketing** and fill those 3 fields.
#. **Save**.
#. **Convert to Opportunity**.
#. Choose the option **Customer > Create a new customer**.
#. **Create Opportunity**.
#. Click on the name of the newly linked partner.
#. Go to tab **Sales & Purchases**.
#. There you have the new fulfilled fields.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/crm/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/crm/issues/new?body=module:%20marketing_crm_partner%0Aversion:%2014.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`__:

  * Rafael Blasco <rafael.blasco@tecnativa.com>
  * Jairo Llopis <jairo.llopis@tecnativa.com>
  * Vicent Cubells <vicent.cubells@tecnativa.com>
  * David Vidal <david.vidal@tecnativa.com>
  * Cristina Martin R. <cristina.martin@tecnativa.com>
  * Marcel Savegnago <marcel.savegnago@escodoo.com.br>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/crm <https://github.com/OCA/crm/tree/14.0/marketing_crm_partner>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] marketing_crm_partner: Migration to 15.0

marketing_crm_partner/README.rst, after:

===========================
Tracking Fields in Partners
===========================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:f0d00f3ee135073534ede125b8bc7ae45a1b6dac29bf64a6a80158a699d11d77
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fcrm-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/crm/tree/15.0/marketing_crm_partner
    :alt: OCA/crm
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/crm-15-0/crm-15-0-marketing_crm_partner
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/crm&target_branch=15.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module extends the functionality of the CRM to support having the tracking
fields available in the partner and copy them there automatically when the
partner is created from a lead/opportunity.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to **CRM > Leads > Create**.
#. Fill the required fields.
#. Go to **Extra Info > Tracking** and fill those 3 fields.
#. **Save**.
#. **Convert to Opportunity**.
#. Choose the option **Customer > Create a new customer**.
#. **Create Opportunity**.
#. Click on the name of the newly linked partner.
#. Go to tab **Sales & Purchases**.
#. There you have the new fulfilled fields.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/crm/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/crm/issues/new?body=module:%20marketing_crm_partner%0Aversion:%2015.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`__:

  * Rafael Blasco <rafael.blasco@tecnativa.com>
  * Jairo Llopis <jairo.llopis@tecnativa.com>
  * Vicent Cubells <vicent.cubells@tecnativa.com>
  * David Vidal <david.vidal@tecnativa.com>
  * Cristina Martin R. <cristina.martin@tecnativa.com>
  * Marcel Savegnago <marcel.savegnago@escodoo.com.br>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/crm <https://github.com/OCA/crm/tree/15.0/marketing_crm_partner>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
